.bumpversion.cfg
.cookiecutterrc
.coveragerc
.editorconfig
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yml
CHANGELOG.rst
CONTRIBUTING.rst
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
setup.py
tox.ini
ci/bootstrap.py
ci/requirements.txt
ci/templates/.github/workflows/github-actions.yml
docs/changelog.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/contributing.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/readme.rst
docs/requirements.txt
docs/spelling_wordlist.txt
docs/reference/index.rst
docs/reference/xbrl_us.rst
images/autocompletion-demo.gif
src/xbrl_us/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/__main__.py
src/xbrl_us/app.py
src/xbrl_us/cli.py
src/xbrl_us/xbrl_us.py
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/requires.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/xbrl_us/.streamlit/config.toml
src/xbrl_us/methods/_definitions.yaml
src/xbrl_us/methods/assertion search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/assertion validate.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/concept name search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/concept search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/cube search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dimension search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/document search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept label.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept name.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept reference.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id network search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id network.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity id report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact search oim.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/label dts id search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/label search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network id relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/relationship tree search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id delete.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/types/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/types/endpoints.py
src/xbrl_us/types/types.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/exceptions.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/generator.py
tests/test_xbrl_us.py